Hello HackGT!! 
 
It’s great to be here!!!
 
For those who don’t know who we are yet, let me tell you a bit about BlackRock.
 
BlackRock is a global investment manager and fintech company. Our aim is to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients trust us to manage over 9 trillion dollars on their behalf, that’s more than any other company in the world!
 
BlackRock is global with over 70 offices in more than 30 countries across 6 continents. And now… we are growing in Atlanta by building out our innovation hub here, or as we call it our iHub.
 
Well all this sounds great but you might be wondering where the TECH part is?
 
Technology has always been at the heart of BlackRock through our platform called Aladdin! The founders set out to create a unified fintech platform for the finance industry and so Aladdin was born.
 
Aladdin is an investment and risk management platform which BlackRock built in order to better manage portfolios on behalf of our clients. It provides tools for all stages of the investment process and plays a key role of uniting every function of our business.
 
Although we built and use Aladdin, we also sell Aladdin to institutions such as asset managers, banks and insurance companies and over 120 institutions around the world rely on Aladdin! So on its own, Aladdin is a billion dollar revenue tech company and a leading revenue producer for BlackRock. This is one of our biggest differentiators to other finance or tech companies. One more aspect that highlights us is the fact that we are passionate about sustainable investing otherwise known as ESG investing! Being sustainable and environmentally friendly is critical to us.
 
Think of Aladdin as a tech start-up with the ability to leverage the huge benefits of BlackRock’s scale. To learn more about Aladdin and our engineering culture, please join us for our tech-talk tomorrow afternoon.
 
And why did we choose to expand in Atlanta??
 
Well we came here for all of you! Atlanta is a location where we have access to lot of skilled and diverse talent, and we need new talent in order to continue to innovate and scale our business! So what better place to expand than ATL!
 
Last year you would have heard us say that we were planning to expand and since then our Atlanta office has doubled in size, adding around 250 new colleagues here in Atlanta. We’re still looking to grow our iHub to 1000 employees in the next few years, with a large chunk of that being recent grads.
 
BlackRock believes in giving back to the community. We partner with non-profits, foundations, corporations and our employees to create and drive impact, whether in our own communities like here in Atlanta or on a global scale. While the employees drive a range of initiatives, promoting economic mobility is a primary goal at the BlackRock Foundation level. BlackRock is Advancing Racial Equity & Inclusion through a multi-pronged approach, including: BlackRock’s Talent & Culture Initiatives, our Role as a Fiduciary on Behalf of Our Clients, and through Policy and Social Impact in the Communities Where We Operate.
 
We look forward to getting to know all of you better over the course of this event and we’d love if you joined us in our mission! We really recommend that you make the most this event, engage, network, push yourself to learn new things and have fun! From all of us at the BlackRock HackGT team….. Happy hacking!!
 
